# Predicting-Anxiety-and-Depression
The project aims to Predicting Anxiety and Depression. In the fast-paced modern world, 
psychological health issues like anxiety, depression and stress have become the immense 
psychological effects on peopleâ€™s minds. The numbness caused by traumatic events 
characterizes post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Individuals that have a social anxiety 
disorder are frequently afraid of social situations. In the existing system the ML-based 
depression detection algorithms are used and they are categorized into three classes, 
classification, deep learning, and ensemble. The previous study is limited by the number of 
variables. Furthermore, variables related to external factors, such as the incidence of violence 
in the community, presence of soldiers, checkpoints, and mobility restrictions are not present 
in the existing study, future research will benefit from expanding the study by adding 
additional associated factors, including cognitive development skills, in-school student 
behaviour, social activities, and digital media activities. In order to reach all categories of 
people and to apply these algorithms, data were collected from employed and unemployed 
individuals across different cultures and communities through the Depression, Anxiety and 
Stress Scale category. Ensuring the scalability and accessibility of the predictive system 
to reach a broader population, increasing the accuracy rate of prediction is also the major 
future scope of the project. A general model for depression diagnosis involving data 
extraction, preprocessing, training ML classifier, detection classification, and performance 
evaluation is presented. Navie Bayes and other Machine learning algorithms used for yields 
highest. 
